chore: Add deps/deps-dev to commit lint rules (#330)
aws/aws-durable-execution-sdk-python: CONTRIBUTING.md

ops/ci-checks.sh
```

This script also validates your commit messages against the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/) format.

> If you have uncommitted changes, it will skip commit message validation with a warning - commit first, then re-run to validate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commit all your changes before you run the check. If your working directory is dirty the script will skip commit message validation with a warning. 
```
